technology is your friend
but it's still better to lock your door
with a good old-fashioned key
better than relying on voice control
digital assistants
you can use a laser beam to sabotage
those things
burglars change a laser's intensity find
the perfect frequency
and trick your digital assistant into
thinking it hurt a command to open your
door
okay opening your garage door is extra
vulnerable
if your normal key all of the sudden
gets stuck in the keyhole
or it's randomly really hard to turn the
key it might be a sign that your house
is a target
you might want to think about changing
the lock it's possible that someone
already tried to break in yeah
unexpected expenses are
kind of annoying but security comes
first
many convenience stores have fake cctv
cameras mounted in literally every
corner
the ones over the cashier are for sure
real but the others
time for some sweet diy an old shoe box
and some random lenses from the attic is
not going to break the bank
add a blinking light maybe battery
powered and voila
most bad guys won't risk it if they see
a hidden gadget
even the slightest chance of being
caught on camera frightens them away
if handmade stuff isn't your thing just
put up a fake cctv sign
you can make one yourself if you have
one of those fancy printers
or just buy one online another fake
thing you might want to get is a dog
a fake dog yeah put up a beware of dog
sign
problem solve thieves are going to be
less likely to choose your house as
their target
now if you actually have a dog good for
you your dog's nose is so powerful
it can smell even the sneakiest intruder
and its bark is a great alarm
honestly though you can buy a real home
security camera online for only about 30
bucks
it's probably a good investment all
right so your home's a veritable
fortress
decked out with high end security and
state-of-the-art door and window locks
and a dock but you still have that old
rusty ladder just lying there in the
bushes in your backyard
you come home from work only to find
that your house has been robbed
santa style and never leave your tool
box outside
it's like an open invitation to break
and enter
try leaving a pair of large work boots
on the porch makes it look like there's
someone home
someone pretty big and strong who's
going to risk that kind of trouble
if you're not afraid of a juiced up
electric bill leave a radio or tv on
when you go out
and grandma's classic keep a lamp on
with a timer
now it looks like someone's home make
sure it's on from 10 am to 3 pm
that's peak intruder time burglars
famously leave hidden marks outside your
house
maybe a scratch on a tree or a line of
chalk somewhere on your mailbox
it's their special code to remind them
which houses have security
and which ones don't you can be crafty
too
if you feel like something's wrong mark
your house to see if there were any
unexpected visitors while you were away
leave some cookies under your welcome
mat if they're crumbled when you get
home
you know someone was snooping around
cute dog pictures sure
but be careful what you share with your
followers
remember that intruders can easily find
you on social media
an innocent status update like finally
on vacation
just makes it way too easy you know
share with your friends not with the
whole internet
burglars are experts remember that they
might see a broken window lock in the
background
of your latest selfie or notice some
expensive jewelry while you're busy
doing a tick tock dance
it gets even easier when you post what
your amazing boyfriend bought me for my
birthday
now they know what you have and where it
is in your house
your trash is sort of like social media
too it can give away a lot of things
about you
one word shredder make sure any paper
with your name
phone date of birth passport number
credit card numbers
gets turned into confetti before dumping
it in the trash
just watch out if you're wearing a tie
and don't forget to rip that address
sticker off any packages you might get
now a lot of burglaries are done by
people who have been in your house
before
they already know where everything is
whenever you invite someone you don't
know inside
you're letting them right past all that
security that took you so long to
install
if a potential burglar find your house
appetizing
you're almost guaranteed to get robbed
later so if you
absolutely have to invite someone in
don't keep anything super valuable on
display
it might trigger unwanted attention as
much as you might want to
outdo your neighbor take it easy on the
front yard fancy stuff
burglars have a good eye for value if
you put your money time
and effort into decorating your front
yard you're probably doing the same
thing for the inside of your house
keep your front yard nice but simple
it'll save you from
unwanted attention sunscreen isn't the
only protection you need on vacation
your house needs protection too before
setting off on a trip
ask your relatives or friends to keep an
eye on your house or apartment
have them feed your fish water your
plants let everyone see that people are
popping in now and again
and don't forget the thank you souvenirs
most burglars will try to break into
your house from the ground floor
it's much easier but that tall tree
growing right by your upstairs window
looks so
inviting keep any trees trimmed so that
it's impossible to climb in
if you still prefer good old cash to
credit cards
don't stash it under your mattress or in
the freezer that's what
banks are for if you have to just keep
enough around for your monthly expenses
the place where you store your valuables
matters if you have something to hide
remember the kitchen and bathroom are
usually the least interesting places for
intruders
if you have a gold ring with a 24 karat
diamond
good for you hide it under the tub or in
a packet of pasta
your bedside tables the first place
they're gonna look get creative and hide
your valuables before you set off on
that amazing trip
inside a jam jar in a ziploc bag inside
of a bag of flour
uh-oh giving away all my secrets the
main thing to remember is that you need
to keep your valuables away from liquids
and powders that might damage them
don't chuck your wedding ring in a
bottle of bleach
whatever you hide your valuables in
don't forget to put it back among
other similar containers that makes it
extra hard to find
another chance for a thief is when you
sell your car
delete the ads you posted as soon as you
sell it
if you get calls about your car asking
if you sold it already
for how much did you take cash that's an
mvp
burglar probing for personal info just
hang up the phone the first tip off of
any empty house is a mailbox overflowing
with flyers envelopes and coupons
you can see that a house is empty just
by driving by no effort at all
have someone collect your mail and pause
your subscriptions when you head out of
town
if you're on good terms with your
neighbors you can try to set up a
watching schedule
that way you can keep an eye on each
other's homes
it's a good idea to give your most
trustworthy neighbor a spare key
that way you know they can check inside
if they see something suspicious
or double check to make sure you didn't
leave the stove on
the phone rings you pick it up but
there's nobody on the other end
seems like someone's trying to check if
you're really home
just be careful if they start bothering
you quite often
it might be a sign that your house is
now a burglar's target
keep a lookout for people taking selfies
or photos near your car
you never know what info they might find
when they zoom in
maybe a flyer from a local gym a pta
bumper sticker
that might be enough information to
start planning a robbery